How can you design and create
interactive visual applications
using Python programming?
This course will teach you
how to create graphical user
interfaces or GUIs in Python.
You'll learn how to use event
driven programming with the GUI
zero package to make
interactive apps using widgets,
like buttons and text boxes.
By the end of this three
week hands on course,
you will have made your own
name generator app, text editor,
and emoji matching game.
This free course contains
peer led discussions,
trainer interaction, and
feedback on your knowledge
as you progress.
You can learn whenever
and wherever you want.
Whether you're a teacher
with students of your own
or simply curious about
improving your Python
programming skills,
this course will
help you understand
how to create GUIs
to make your code interactive.
Sign up now at rpf.io/guis.